All right let's go ahead and add an object into our button.
So the first thing we're going to add into it is we're going to add a symbol.
So maybe this is a button that is representing a symbol or type of power for your character.
So let's go ahead and create a new layer.
And this new layer is going to be underneath our green layer.
And then we're going to stick with our color white and then we want to grab a brush tool that has more
of an interesting texture.
So maybe a brush tool like this one right here.
Maybe not that one.
Maybe something like that might be interesting.
See how that looks.
That's pretty cool.
All right.
Let's bring a brush size down and what we're going to do is we're going to paint our symbol.
So I think my symbol is just going to come straight down like here and you can play around with what
type of symbol you want to do.
There's no right or wrong symbol you can do whatever you need for your game.
So just something like So then I might add a line going through like that and then maybe a spot like
that.
Cool.
That's a pretty cool symbol.
Next.
Let's go ahead and add a glow to that symbol.
So I'm going to add an effects to that.
I'm going to come up to outer glow and then I'm going to change my color to this aqua blue and I'm going
to get completely saturated then I'm going to hit OK.
And then I can play around with my opacity.
So I think I'll leave that at about 80 percent 77 percent.
And then we can change our speed.
So I'm going to bring that down all the way to zero percent because I don't want very much speed with
that I want it to be pretty soft on the edges.
You can also play around with the size.
And I think I want it to be pretty small.
So we get that really nice tight glow around it and then we can go ahead and hit.
OK.
And let's go ahead and shrink it down just a little bit so that we can see it better in the center.
Then I'll recenter it.
So and I think what actually looked better a little bit more over like this.
Now let's go ahead and add some particles in there.
So if I switch back over to my brush tool and I select a round brush like this one right here with a
hard edge I can go at head and add in some particles in there.
So I'm going to bring my bar size really small and I'm going to put my brush opacity at 40 percent and
I'm just going to add a couple of little dots in there like so and these might just be small little
magical Pardoe particles that are coming off of our symbol.
And I can bring my bra size up and do it a couple of larger ones.
Then I'm going to bring my brush opacity to 80 percent and I'll bring my brush size down and I'll add
a couple of those and also I can paint in some larger ones too.
Right along those edges that just makes it look a little bit more interesting.
So if you ever have a close up of your button they'll have something really interesting to look at and
they'll be a lot of detail in there.
Now let's go ahead and create two more gems that we can put different objects in and change the colors.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come up to image and then come down to canvas size and then
I'm going to change the width to 300 pixels.
So we're going to multiply that by three.
So we can add two more in there.
And I believe the high that 600 and then this little dot right here I want to bring this over to the
left side.
That way it adds it to my right side of my page and then my background color.
I'm going to go ahead and click that little box and select this background color right here.
So it creates that same background color all the way across.
OK.
And now we can go ahead and hit.
Now let's go ahead and take all of our layers and put them into a folder and then we're going to copy
that folder to times then we're going to grab our first copy and we'll drag it over like so we want
to drag that right into the center of our document and then we're going to grab one and drag that over
like so.
And we want to get that so that it's equally spaced out and you can tell because you'll get that little
arrow in between each one.
Now let's start with this middle one.
I'm going to come back down to that layer and open up the folder and we can start off by changing the
colors.
So I'm going to come in to my color layer and I'm going to turn on my hue and saturation panel and now
I can go ahead and play with that color.
So I think this one I want it to be.
Let's try it more of a green.
So maybe about there and let's play with the lightness and darkness see what we can get out of that.
I think about where it is good.
So go ahead and hit.
OK then we're going to come down to the layer that has our symbol on it and we're going to go ahead
and delete that.
Now let's go ahead and open up our potions file.
So I already have Openreach here and I've already shrunken down my potion and I'm going to go ahead
and copy that and paste it in where my original symbol used to be.
And now I can put that potion in there like.
So I enter and it's getting a really weird green tent because it's underneath the green layer.
So what we can do is we can drag the above the green layer and will no longer have that problem but
we'll still get that highlight over it so it will look like it's inside of the gem.
Now let's do our last one.
So I'm going to go ahead and close this folder and I'll open up my last folder and I'm going to come
into my color layer and turn on the shoe and saturation panel and let's go ahead and play that color.
So this one I think I want it to be a red.
It's more of a purple so I'm going to bring it back a little bit to about there.
You'd be a little bit more towards the orange side.
I like the red side better.
So will do right there.
Let's also play with the lightness and darkness to see how we like that.
So if I'm going to bring up the lightness I'm also going to want to bring up the saturation so I bring
that to about there but I don't really like that.
I'm going to leave all at zero and then I'm going to go ahead and hit.
OK.
Next let's go ahead and delete that symbol layer and then we're going to go ahead and open up our source
document and we can go ahead and copy this paste it into here.
Now shrink that down.
So
we can also rotate this and make it look a little bit more interesting.
Go ahead hit enter and we can also add the effect back to the edge of her sword.
So we're going to come down to effects come to our glow and let's go ahead and select the color we want.
So I think I want more of a blue blues I come into my baby blues.
OK.
And maybe bring my opacity up to 100 percent and then maybe bring my size up a little bit larger but
there will be good.
OK.
Great.
Now we can also make our potion stand out a little bit more if we add a shadow behind it.
Some of the clothes this folder open up that full there again.
Come to my potion layer and add an effects to it.
And I'm going to add a drop shadow.
Let's see how that looks.
All right.
The way I have it set up right now looks good.
We can play with the opacity a little bit.
But I think where the opacity is good we can change the size but I'll leave it about where it is.
So going to leave all my settings just like this.
And it hit OK.
And you see if we turn off that drop shadow that drop shadow makes it stand out a lot more.
That brings us to the end of this project.
I hope you enjoyed creating these GM buttons.
Thanks for watching this lecture and I look forward to seeing you in the next one.